Our Mission:
    I have a streamlit UI app code that is not working
    Is composed of 2 things, understanding the UI itself. And the other thing is making that UI work
    with the API functions we have exposed and the models we have trained and modularized.

Explanation of the Aimed Workflow:
    We Have many elements. I will count them and explain how they interact with functions and call them.
    The UI elements are:
        A. On the left side: Text Box, Add Bottom, Play Bottom, Stop Bottom, NER bottom
        B. On the right side: 2 Filtering Panels, Refresh Bottom, Download CSV bottom, Clear All bottom
    The Roles of each One:
        1. Text Box: Allows to write inside.
        2. Add Bottom: When clicked the text inside textbox, goes to API function called add (api_add) where
            the data is analyzed and added to the dataset
        3. Play Bottom: When clicked, the app should record sound
        4. Stop Bottom: When Clicked, the app should stop recording and change sound track to text and
            present that in the text box
        5. NER Bottom: When clicked, data inside text should undergo the NER model and the data we get
            gets presented in the right boxes.
        6. Filtering Panels: When some tag is chosen, the tags data is entered into the query to instantly retrieve data.
            The query function is

The Status:
     we are in, we have good functions in the database side and in the API and in the models side as well.
     So this is good. The functions are modularized, named in a good way.
     However the app code is nuts.
     Problems inside the APP:
        1. Deleted functions: We have uses and calls of non-existing functions, functions that have been deleted.
        We have to replace those functions with what we have in the API and models.
        2. I did some modularization for the code. The same functions were wrapped in different names to look better.
        (Classification_Sentiment_Array --> ai_classifier) (transcribe_audio --> ai_stt) (extract_entities_array --> ai_ner)
        3. The Bottoms, when clicked make trouble and problems. They are not working.
        4. The Audio Play Bottom and Stop Bottom is not working as well. The track is to be saved in wav extension
        And the model understands mp3.
        5. I don't know streamlit.

The Procedure:
    1. I will show you the essentials. (Database scheme, Database functions, API functions, AI functions)
    2. I will show you the whole code once. To detect the problems. To detect the deleted functions you have to replace.
    3. I will be passing for you snippets of code for each part. You have to correct them and give me a code that
        fully replaces the old one and does the needed job. You have to inform me of any details.
    4. At the end I will we will start troubleshooting together. One time after the other.

Notes:
    1. You can be fully informative
    2. You don't need to change the shape of the UI. I am satisfied with it. You mission is to use the backend functions
        and ai functions to make things work that is all.
